newgame
Hello!
This is a fangame that includes both copyrighted and orginal characters.
I don't own the copyrighted ones.
Saving is automatic.
You can skip dialoge by typing skip.
The story and save files are in the txt folder.
I made them very accessible so maybe finish the game before you mess with them?
Do as you will and have fun.
Thanks for playing my game!

awake
"Ergh..."
You groan slightly as you gain consciousness.
You notice you're lying face down in the dirt.
You raise your head and open your eyes slightly.
Your vision is blurry as you try to understand your surroundings.
"Where... am I?"
A breeze blows against your face as you take in some sort of wooden building.
More concerning however is the shifting black and gray void behind it.
"That can't be normal."
You push yourself into a sitting position and take a quick inventory.
You are wearing jeans and a blue t-shirt.
"Isn't this kinda generic?"
You don't remember dressing yourself this way.
In fact, as you start to consider, you don't remember much at all.
"That's really not good."
Suddenly remembering the void, you look up.
It doesn't seem to be moving, just shifting in place.
As you look around it completely encapsulates the surrounding area.
That can't be normal.
"Saying it again kinda seems redundant."
"Okay, okay, let's calm down and take stock."
"I don't know where I am."
"I don't know who I am?"
"That's not good either."
"I'm wearing clothes, that's good."
"I don't think I'm in any immediate danger."
Despite the void, the gentle breeze smells fresh.
The area seems well illuminated too.
"Huh."
You raise your hand and it casts a shadow on the ground.
You look above you but there's only the shifting void.
"I'm pretty sure that's not how light works."
"Alright, I'm dealing with some sort of amnesia, I'm surrounded by some sort of evil darkness, and I'm talking to myself."
"I seem to be functioning rather well considering all that."
Your mind doesn't seem to be foggy at all.
As you consider your situation, words and ideas that explain your surroundings seem to come naturally.
"Let's see here, what can I remember?"
You try to think about something that isn't here.
"This is the ground. Below the ground is..."
Nothing comes to mind.
"Alright then."
You raise your hand again.
"This is light and shadow. Light comes from..."
Nothing comes to mind.
"Huh. I know light comes from something, but not what."
"Well, I should probably get a sense of where I am..."
As you stand up, you notice something in your pocket.
"Huh, what's that?"
You pull it out.
"A... Wii remote?"
You push a button, but the LEDs at the bottom don't respond.
"Is it dead?"
You open the cover on the back, the battery compartment is empty.
"I guess with no batteries it's the same as dead."
You notice a label on the inside of the cover with a name written on it.
"Gate?"
Is that supposed to be the person who owned it?
"What kind of name is Gate?"
As you say that, something feels off.
"Uh..."
A realization strikes you that you can't deny.
"I think that's my name?!"
This information surprises you, like you didn't expect it.
"No, it's my name... I guess I'm a bit more confused than I thought."
You put the cover back on the wii remote and do a double take.
"The LEDs are working now?"
Quickly you pop off the cover again but the battery compartment is still empty.
"And it's still on..."
"I feel like I stop getting surprised at this point."
Putting the cover back on, you try some buttons.
"Still doesn't seem to do anyth- oh!"
After pushing the home button a screen pops up in front of you.

awake2
Pointing at the screen makes a cursor appear.
"Huh... this is kinda cool."
Pointing at where it says insight and pressing the A button doesn't do anything.
"I guess that's not a button?"
You try again with boss and party, but nothing happens.
Next you try the home button again and the screen closes.
Pressing it once more brings it back up again.
"That's pretty neat..."
"I don't know what I could use it for though."
You close the screen.
*sigh*
"I have no idea what's going on..."
You have too many questions and not enough answers.
You push them to the side for now.
"I should probably take a look around."

exploreHakurei
In front of you is a wooden building with a stone path leading up to it.
It's a shrine, you recall.
You seem to know what a shrine is despite being sure that this is the first one you've seen in person.
"Another weird thing to add to the list."
The rest of the area is covered in dirt, so you start walking towards the only point of interest.
As you get closer, you notice something just behind a large box with slots in the top.
"Is somebody there?"
A girl wearing shrine maiden clothes is lying unmoving behind the donation box.
Of course you know what the box is, but not the giant shifting void.
That's great.
Getting slowly closer you get a better look at her face and recognize her.
"Reimu?!"
You know that this isn't right, Reimu is a fictional character that doesn't exist in real life.
"Is this the Hakurei Shrine then?"
The name feels right, even though you can't remember much about it.
Reimu doesn't seem to be conscious.
Carefully you hover your hand near her nose and mouth.
"Well, she's breathing. That's good."
"I guess she's asleep?"
With no small amount of apprehension, you try to shake her wake.
"Hey, Reimu, wake up."
Her eyes open a bit.
Reimu:"Wha- who are you?"
Reimu:"Nevermind, go away. I'm taking a nap."
With that she promptly rolls over, aparently going back to sleep.
"Uhh..."

talkHakurei
"Reimu, I think you might want to take a look around."
Reimu starts to snore loudly.
"Hey, this is important!"
"Look up! Does it usually look like that above the shrine?"
Reimu:"What are you-"
As she looked up she could see the gray and black void.
Reimu: *sigh*
Reimu: "Figures there's some sort of incident."
Reimu: "I was having a nice nap too..."
She doesn't seem that surprised at all...
You remember that an incident is some sort of unusual phenomenon with an agenda.
Reimu's job is to find the one responsible and beat them up.
At least that's how it works wherever she comes from.
Reimu: "Hey, you don't look like you're from the Human Village."
Reimu: "Who are you?"
Good question...
"Uh, I think I'm Gate?"
"And I might be lost?"
"And I don't know where I'm from?"
"Or why I'm here?"
"Or why any of this is happening?!"
Suddenly the questions you'd been avoiding crash in on you.
You can feel panic start to well up in your chest.
Reimu: "Whoa there, how about you sit down for a second?"
Reimu: "That's it, breathe a bit."
You let Reimu guide you to sit down under the veranda.
Reimu: "Just sit there and relax, I'll go figure out what's going on."
You close your eyes to focus on breathing and trying to calm down a bit.
...
...
...
You start to feel better.
Then you heard Reimu make a sound somewhere between a sigh and a growl.
You open your eyes to see Reimu seemingly just standing there.
"Are you alright?"
Reimu: "I can't fly for some reason."
Reimu: "All my tools are gone too."
Reimu: "Grr..."
Reimu looks like she wants to punch someone.
You scoot back a bit.
You figure you might as well try to distract her from that train of thought.
"Hey, uh, Reimu?"
Reimu: "What is it?"
"Ah, I found something. Do you know what this does?"
You pull out the Wii Remote and Reimu comes over to examine it.
Reimu: "Hmm..."
Reimu: "It looks like something Rinnosuke would hold on to."
Reimu reaches her hand out to grab the remote.
As she makes contact with the remote, a menu pops up.
-- Would you like to send a party invite to Reimu Hakurei? --
0. Yes    1. No
Choose a number:
You notice a number pad popped up with the menu.
Reimu: "What's this?"
Reimu's trying to touch the menu, but her hand keeps passing through it.
"Not sure. Give me a second."
You press 0 and hit enter with the number pad.
The menu and number pad disapears and reapears in front of Reimu.
-- Would you like join Gate's party? --
0. Yes    1. No
Choose a number:
Reimu: "You're throwing a party?"
"Uh, no."
"It's more of a group of people that work together to acomplish something."
Reimu: "Ah."
Reimu: "Well sure then."
You hand her the Wii Remote.
After a second, Reimu figures out how to use the number pad.
-- Reimu Hakurei has joined your party! --
Reimu give the Wii Remote back.
Remembering the menu from earlier, you press the home button.
"Sure enough, there you are."
But now there's extra stuff at the bottom and the number pad's back.
Reimu: "Those are my attacks... At least some of them."
"I'll try selecting Homing Amulet."
You input 0 and a glowing amulet apears in between Reimu's fingers.
Reimu examines it.
Reimu: "This looks like one of my amulets."
Reimu tosses it exparimently.
It flies through the air, curving to hit a specific part of the ground.
Reimu: "It works like normal too."
"You can choose where it goes?"
Reimu: "Of course. It can be somewhat limited when there's cover it might hit instead though."
"Ah."
Next you try Graze.
Reimu starts leaving a trail of afterimages so thick, it's hard to tell where she even is.
Reimu: "Try to hit me."
"Wha- what?"
Reimu: "This seems to represent my ability to float."
Reimu: "If that's the case, there's no way you can even touch me."
"Right..."
"Okay, here it goes!"
You have no idea how to throw a punch, but you try your best.
The menu pops up again with some different text.
Gate used Weak Punch!
Reimu grazed the attack gaining 0 points!
"I used Weak Punch?"
"Couldn't have al least been a normal punch?"
You notice Reimu looks normal again.
"Oh, I guess the effect doesn't stick around?"
Reimu: "Hmm... That's kinda a pain."
"What? That you aren't completely invincible all the time?"
Reimu: "Yeah."
"Right... okay."
We can't test out her other moves, they cost points.
It says she gets points by grazing, but maybe it's based on the damage of the attack.
If that's the case, did my attack deal zero damage?
Reimu: "Was this gate always here?"
"Huh?"
Reimu's standing in front of where the door to the shrine was.
It's been replaced with an open sliver gate.
Instead of leading into the shine the opening instead was a white portal of sorts.
Reimu: "It says something up here too."
Marisa Kirisame.
You know that name too, another character from the same place Reimu's from.
So wait, does-
And Reimu's already walking into the portal.
"Sheesh, could we think about this for a second?"



enterMarisa
You walk through the gate.
On the other side, the first thing you notice is a light rain.
You look up to see a cloudy sky.
As you look around, you see a lot of trees.
"Looks like some sort of forest?"
Reimu: "Look over there."
Reimu's pointing at a grey figure in the clearing ahead of us.
Wearing a witch hat and skirt and holding a broom, sure enough that must be Marisa.
"Why's she all grey though?"
Reimu: "We'll probably have to fight her to find out..."
"What makes you say-"
Marisa points her weapon, the Mini-Hakkero, towards you and Reimu.
It's starts to glow and make a whiring sound.
Reimu: "That."
"Right, uh, yeah."
Reimu: "Hide somewhere and use your thingy so I can fight."
"Uh, right."

defeatMarisa
Reimu collapses to the ground.
"Reimu!"
You jump out from behind a bush and rush over.
Your vision starts to lighten.
You she isn't moving.
You reach out to her.
Your vision fades completely to white.
You lose sense of your surroundings.
...
...
...
Reimu: "Well, that was annoying."
You open your eyes and look around.
"We're back?"
Reimu: "Looks like we got teleported out when we failed to defeat her."
"Ah..."
You're glad Reimu isn't dead, but you're too embassed to admit it.
Sure enough, you and Reimu are back at the Hakurei Shine, sitting under the veranda.
Behind you the gate's still open.
"I guess we can try again."
"I wonder if there's a limit on how many times we can try..."
Reimu: "I don't think there is."
Reimu: "The gate would probably say so."
"Yeah, that seems right."

adviceMarisa
You notice some extra text under Marisa's name that wasn't there before.
Marisa's Master Spark is her strongest attack!
Don't get hit by it!
"Alright, here we go."

victoryMarisa
